Update toast-notifications.mdx (#2126)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/toast-notifications.mdx

## Guidance

> Toasts are a low-attention notification mechanism primarily for use in confirming task receipt and completion.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "low-attention" means. Does it mean that it does not call attention to itself very much?

Toasts are intended to be non-intrusive and brief. A user must be able to read and comprehend a toast message in ~8 seconds before the toast automatically closes itself.

> Toasts are not a guaranteed delivery mechanism. They can easily be missed and are never shown while the user is focused on performing a task.

Reviewer: "guaranteed delivery mechanism" sounds like a back-end engineering specification. Can we phrase this to be a bit more user/human centered? Perhaps something like: "The user may not see a toast notification." which connects to the following paragraph a bit more.

Because there is no guarantee that a user will see a toast and because of the auto-close nature of toasts, they must never be used as a primary means of notification. A separate means (E.g., a notification center) to view active and historical task and alert information is needed.

> ### When should you use a Toast Notification?

Reviewer: In the text that follows:

- I'm not sure what "low attention" means.
- what is a "singular status update"?
- Confirmations could be interpreted as a means of the user confirming something, like a confirmation modal.

- Requires user action or input

> - Batch updates

Reviewer: This seems a little fuzzy. Could I not initiate a batch action on 100 items and then see a toast notification when they have all completed? I am thinking of a 1-1 connection between user initiated action and toast notification of completion.

2. Content (Title + Message)
3. Close button

> All toasts have a fixed width size at Medium (384px) but the height can change based on the amount of content. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All toasts have a fixed width size at Medium (384px) but the height is driven by the amount of content. 
```

### Status Indicator

Avoid using toasts for very critical information or alerts. Users may accidentally dismiss or entirely miss a toast, so it is best to avoid using toasts for important information. Additionally, avoid using toasts, critical or not, if it requires a user action. 

> The status indicators used for toasts are restricted to Normal, Warning, Critical and Unknown statuses.  The crtical status should only be used to indicate a task completion that ended in an error and not for conveying critical or time-sensitive information to the user -- remember that a toast can be missed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The status indicators used for toasts are restricted to Normal, Warning, Critical and Unknown statuses.  The crtical status should only be used to indicate a task completion that ended in an error and not for conveying critical or time-sensitive information to the user since a toast can be missed.
```

Because toasts are primarily used to convey information about tasks, the content must include enough context to be clearly understood.  For example, what task is being performed, what resource is it being performed against, and what is the state of the task (E.g., starting, completed, failed, etc.).

For best practice, keep the amount of information to three lines or under. This three line limit either can be a combination of both the title and the message or a three-line title. If the information is heavy and long, consider using a different type of notification other than toast. Never truncate text within a toast. The main point is to keep the information concise and clear.

Do not add a message that is redundant with the title.  If you can explain everything in a title, there is no need for a message.  

Examples of title-only toasts:

- Deleted cluster "Joe's cluster"
- Update of "Rule set 5" completed
- Starting deployment of application "XYZ"
- Created Kubernetes cluster "New York State Tax Authority"

**2. Interactive Content**

> To remain compliant with WCAG 2.1 guidelines, avouid interactive elements, like links and buttons, inside of a toast. These elements may be difficult to access with a screen reader and other assistive technology.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remain compliant with WCAG 2.1 guidelines, avoid interactive elements, like links and buttons, inside of a toast. These elements may be difficult to access with a screen reader and other assistive technology.
```
